the fact that excessive celebration is a
penalty pisses me off
Thanks Terrell Owens you piece of donkey
you Dwight Freddie hopefully a foot rips
off from the game really DeSean Jackson
seems like no matter how much money he
makes
he won't stop shopping express the
Shango scene is a this Brian is a baby
back Keyshawn Johnson must have
ate the guys who used to cover you
bastard whatever Michael Strahan teeth
are having a middle-school dance with a
boys stand on one side of the room and
the girls stand on the top of it
did Brandon Marshall really cry in his
postgame interview grow some balls bro
[Music]
is a Steve Smith like 50 years old
no actually I'm 35 Terrell Suggs
looks like a penis at Erin Andrews
hopefully a ball to your temple will
knock the stupid out of you
I tell the ones called a football dot
dot dot LOL jk hoping running davis
blows a hamstring tonight fingers
crossed
that's not nice Clay Matthews is a
not playin cuz of your thumb chop that
thing - coughing get in there I respect
that Malcolm Smith you just won the who
the are you award
I'm a Super Bowl MVP who the are you and
what stone looks like she smells like
cat piss around looks like a sewer rat
[Applause]
DeAndre Jordan doesn't look like he
knows how to read well I just read that
you idiot
[Applause]